codeintel: Add experimental docs to enable auto-indexing (#25764)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/code_intelligence/how-to/configure_auto_indexing.md

> # Configure code intelligence auto indexing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Configure code intelligence auto-indexing
```

<style>
img.screenshot {
  display: block;
  margin: 1em auto;
  max-width: 600px;
  margin-bottom: 0.5em;
  border: 1px solid lightgrey;
  border-radius: 10px;
}

img.screenshot.thin-screenshot {
  max-width: 200px;
}
</style>

<aside class="experimental">
<p><span class="badge badge-experimental">Experimental</span> This feature is available as an experimental feature in Sourcegraph 3.33 or later. As long as this feature is marked as experimental, instance and deployment requirements, behavior, and performance profiles are subject to change in the future without notice.</p>

<p><b>We'd love to ensure that this feature is meeting the requirements of our users.</b> If you have input or feedback on this feature, you can either <a href="https://about.sourcegraph.com/contact">contact us directly</a>, <a href="https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph">file an issue</a>, or <a href="https://twitter.com/sourcegraph">tweet at us</a>.</p>
</aside>

> Precise code intelligence auto indexing jobs are scheduled based on two fronts of configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Precise code intelligence auto-indexing jobs are scheduled based on two fronts of configuration.
```

This guide shows how to configure policies to control the scheduling of precise code intelligence indexing jobs. Indexing jobs [produce a precise code intelligence index](../explanations/precise_code_intelligence) and uploads it to your Sourcegraph instance for use with code navigation.

Each policy has a number of configurable options, including:

- The set of Git branches or tags to which the policy applies
- The maximum age of commits that should be indexed (e.g., skip indexing commits made last year)
- For branches, whether or not to consider the _tip_ of the branch only, or all commits contained in that branch

Note that when auto indexing is enabled, we will also attempt to schedule index jobs for _dependencies_ of repositories which receive an uploaded precise code intelligence index. This helps to ensure that no matter where symbols are defined, you will be able to navigate to its definition and find a relevant set of references as long as your Sourcegraph instance has knowledge of that code.

Precise code intelligence indexing jobs are scheduled periodically in the background for each repository matching an indexing policy.

### Applying indexing policies globally

> Site admins may create indexing policies that are applied to _all repositories_ on your Sourcegraph instance. In order to view and edit these policies, navigate to teh code intelligence configuration in the site-admin dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Site admins can create indexing policies that apply to _all repositories_ on their Sourcegraph instance. In order to view and edit these policies, navigate to the code intelligence configuration in the site-admin dashboard.
```

> <img src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/docs/images/code-intelligence/sg-3.33/indexing/global/list.png" class="screenshot">

Reviewer 2: Please add alt text for images.

Author: Done.

> New policies can also be created to apply to the HEAD of the default branch, or to apply to any arbitrary Git branch or tag pattern. For example, you may want to index the tip of the default branch for all of your repositories (in this example, repositories whose last commit is older than five years of age will not apply).

Reviewer 2: You explicitly call out Git here; what about other version control systems?

Author: This is likely a larger issue in our docs; I've documented it this way specifically because the information I have is in Gitserver. Whatever our equivalent of tags/branches are in gitserver is what we should be meant here, but I'm not sure how to clearly document that without leaking internals.

<img src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/docs/images/code-intelligence/sg-3.33/repository-page.png" class="screenshot">

The settings page will show all policies that apply to the given repository, including both repository-specific policies as well as global policies that match the repository.

<img src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/docs/images/code-intelligence/sg-3.33/indexing/repo/empty.png" class="screenshot">

In this example, we create an indexing policy that applies to all _versioned_ tags (those prefixed with `v`). the _`:bestcoder:` branch retention policy_ that ensures all commits visible to the tip of any branch matching the pattern `ef/*` will not be removed for at least one year.

<img src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/docs/images/code-intelligence/sg-3.33/indexing/repo/create.png" class="screenshot">
<img src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/docs/images/code-intelligence/sg-3.33/indexing/repo/post-create.png" class="screenshot">

## Explicit index job configuration

> Explicit index job configuration can be supplied to a repository in two ways (listed below in order of precedence). Both methods of configuration share a common expected schema. See the [reference documentation](../references/auto_indexing_configuration) for additional information on the shape and content of the configuration.

Reviewer 2: > listed below in order of precedence

Increasing precedence or decreasing precedence?

1. Configure index jobs by committing a `sourcegraph.yaml` file to the root of the target repository. If you're new to YAML and want a short introduction, see [Learn YAML in five minutes](https://learnxinyminutes.com/docs/yaml/). Note that YAML is a strict superset of JSON, therefore the file contents can also be encoded as valid JSON (despite the file extension).

> 1. Configure index jobs via the target repository's code intelligence settings UI. In order to view and edit the indexing configuration for a repository, navigate navigate to the code intelligence settings in the target repository's index page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure index jobs via the target repository's code intelligence settings UI. In order to view and edit the indexing configuration for a repository, navigate to the code intelligence settings in the target repository's index page.
```
